Miss, isn’t it enough to cultivate into us first?
My dad is already like this, so why bother provoking him?
Look at what you said, don't you have money for surgery?
I am so kind-hearted that I came to give you money.
I wonder if you are not willing to lend us money?
Why are you so kind-hearted all of a sudden?
As long as you are lucky enough to win, it will be hurtful to be looked down upon by the king.
But I'll just leave you with one sentence.
As long as you don't let him sleep on the road, what will he say to you?
What did you say? I am your sister-in-law in name only.
There are so many of you? There are so many of you? Don’t say anything? I am your sister-in-law in name only. There are so many of you? There are so many of you? Don’t say anything? Don’t say anything? I’m good She is your nominal sister-in-law. You
Do you know how you can fix your skirt so quickly, sister-in-law?
What do you think about Brother Guqun?
Have you ever admitted it?
You are too bullying
My old bones are just dead
I won’t let my daughter buy my own good things either.
Your daughter is being watched by Wangshe
That's his line
Don't beg us then
You really can't buy a good home. Only you and I know.
He's not here to bully
I don't dare to leave
This is the ice house
women need rest
Please go out
Qian Who let you be so talkative?
What are you doing